Our family had been learning Chinese for over a year.
It wasn't easy.
God has many titles.
Did you know he has only one name?
I was ready, or at least I thought so.
Yeah, I'll be right there.
We were making progress.
And we weren't giving up.
It seemed like most people just weren't interested.
We were not having a good morning.
Mom and Liz weren't having a good morning either.
Brother and sister Lynn joined us.
They've been a big help to us.
We told them about our morning.
We were finally able to converse a little and give presentations,
but everything seemed to fall flat.
You asked good questions at the door,
but not always the right one.
See, when you learn the language,
do not forget to learn about people.
He was right.
Our questions started conversations in our old territory,
but not here.
The pronunciation is very good.
Thanks, Berlin.
We needed a different approach,
where we didn't just learn the language,
but also how to reach the heart of someone who speaks it.
In the July 2019 watch tower,
we read about reaching the hearts of non-religious people.
It was in paragraph seven.
How do you think that we could be more like the Apostle Paul?
Well, Paul was a Jew,
but when he was talking to other people,
he had to adapt his presentation.
I like what First Corinthians 9, 20 through 23 says.
To the Jews, I became as a Jew in order to gain Jews.
To those under law, I became a Jew.
Liz was right.
When Paul spoke to fellow Jews and Athens,
he reasoned from the Scriptures.
But when he spoke to the Greeks at the Aereopagus,
he adapted,
reasoning with them first without the Bible.
He later wrote,
I have become all things to people of all sorts,
so that I might by all possible means save some.
That's what we needed to do.
We learned more about the people.
We started to listen more
and talk about things that interested them.
We found different ways to start conversations.
And we kept learning more about the culture.
Part of a Chinese proverb, by found, says,
He who comes near ink is stained black.
It's been a great way to introduce Proverbs 13-20.
The one walking with the wise will become wise.
It all comes down to showing love.
The more we pay attention to how we were teaching,
the more we were able to show people the God who loves them.